the hill Sean Connery bold exciting
explosive Oh see that Hill I noticed as
I came in
we built it special few tons of sand and
rock on a lot of labour sweating
stock I not you Roberts you're gonna
continue down Lee Robert Oh Sean Connery
as you have never seen him before
on your feet are you risen on the hill a
story of many pushed to the breaking
point
and B are both regulars you prop up dead
men and expectant if your door dr. o you
quit a i-20 on me and this is lady of
British justice you're going into the
common interest like this lad unless you
got a top hat and a bone to put through
me nose get this maniac out Oh Morris
Williams murdered Stevens don't forget
that drop your trousers any serious
illnesses like what any recent in
capacities
well I wouldn't brag about it for hat
sir Roberts in this place it pays to
give a plain answer to a simple question
when I'm fit sir yes where are you
sending me this that's fun
what Turner buddy who are you trying to
make a [ __ ] the complaint against
Williams came from staff Harris Harris
what have you told him I told him the
truth sir the truth
what are you talking about Williams lets
me be the home runs this place I'm in
charge of dissipating us out here then
you'll look after your department and I
know how come I don't time cancel out my
orders
I'm running this place ain't running
this place but Williams
you